Add pages for submission service (#6)
expo/fyi: first-android-submission.md

# First Submission of an Android App

#### 🤔 What Happened

> If you're submitting your Android app to Google Play Store for the first time you need to do it manually. If you tried to take advantage of the `expo upload:android` you most probably got the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're submitting your Android app to Google Play Store *for the first time*, Google requires that you manually upload it through their web user interface. After you have submitted it once through the web user interface, you will be able to use `expo upload:android` for subsequent submissions.
```

> > You haven't submitted this app to Google Play Store yet. The first submission of the app needs to be performed manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

similar to other comment, this makes it easier for us to improve error messages in cli without needing to worry about updating expo.fyi

#### 💡 Solution

This page will guide you through creating an app in Google Play Console and uploading the first release.

1. Open [Google Play Console](https://play.google.com/apps/publish/).

[<img src="./assets/first-android-submission/01-open-google-play-console.png" width="800" />](./assets/first-android-submission/01-open-google-play-console.png)

2. Click the **CREATE APPLICATION** button. A modal will pop up.
3. Select **Default language**, fill in the **Title** input and click **CREATE**.

[<img src="./assets/first-android-submission/02-create-application.png" width="800" />](./assets/first-android-submission/02-create-application.png)

> 4. You'll be redirected to a new subpage where you can set **Product details**. **You don't need to set them now.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You'll be redirected to a new subpage where you can set **Product details**. **You don't need to set them now, come back and do this later.**
```

[<img src="./assets/first-android-submission/03-product-details.png" width="800" />](./assets/first-android-submission/03-product-details.png)

5. Go to the **App releases** tab and scroll to the **Internal test track** section. Click the **MANAGE** button.

[<img src="./assets/first-android-submission/04-app-releases.png" width="800" />](./assets/first-android-submission/04-app-releases.png)

6. Click the **CREATE RELEASE** button.

[<img src="./assets/first-android-submission/05-create-release.png" width="800" />](./assets/first-android-submission/05-create-release.png)

> 7. Opt in to app signing by Google Play. Althought it's not necessary, this will let you upload your app when you lose your Android Keystore. Click the **CONTINUE** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Opt in to app signing by Google Play. Althought it's not necessary, this will let you upload your app if you somehow happen to lose your Android Keystore. Click the **CONTINUE** button.
```
